1) Team Name: Banana

2) Members: Theodore Schneider, Matt Zhou, Noah Tervalon

3) The project: Banana Tag!
    a) Description: A game of tag where chaos reigns. 
    b) Rules: Normal tag. However, when you are tagged you are temporarily 
              suspended from the game until the person that tagged you gets 
              tagged. Thus, the only way to win is to tag everyone without 
              being tagged once. Visit this link for more rulebook information,
              note that the video is not related to the rules on the page: 
              https://ultimatecampresource.com/camp-games/tag-games/banana-tag/
    c) Our game: We plan to make an interactive game that allows many people to 
                 play at once time. Our area of play will be a finite map with 
                 multiple player characters all striving to become the 
                 champion. 

4) Min/Max Deliverable:
    Min Deliverable: 
        Our minimum goal is to create a visual game that is hosted on the 
        Halligan servers. This game will be multi-player (minimum 4).
        Additionally, we want to have graphics for the game that allow all
        players to see what is currently happening in real-time. This includes
        player movement, players tagging each other, and other events happeni
        in the map. For the game to work, we also plan to have the ability to 
        accept input accurately from all players and avoid concurrency issues
        such as deadlocks, etc. On the whole, we aim to provide a smooth-gaming
        experience for the users through our input processing.

    Max Deliverable: 
        Our maximum deliverable is a fully-polished game that supports
        large-scale player bases (15+). We aim to have multiple maps that 
        each have unique layouts (obstacles, dark mode, etc). 

5) First Step:
    We plan to start this project by diving deep into GUI documentation and
    figure out how we will approach the graphics of the game. Additionally, 
    we want to start by figuring out how to handle the input/output.

6) Biggest Forseen Problem:
    The biggest problem we forsee is input/output latency. Larger player
    bases will result in a lot of input requests being sent to the server.
    We anticipate that dealing with efficiency during the message handling
    will be a problem.
